Okay, let's talk about
integration testing.
So integration testing, unlike a unit
test, integration test will test how
an entire route works by actually making
a request like a client would, and
then just observing what the API sent back
and making assertions on that result.
So we can actually just use jest plus
supertest to run integration test.
So here's an example of
what that will look like.
And obviously,
I'm gonna walk you through how to do it.
So I'm gonna go back to our code.
I'm going to put something on
the root of the source folder.
I'm gonna make a new
folder called test again.
And I'm gonna test, I don't know,
routes.test.tsr.
There we go.
In order to do integration tests,
there's a lot of ways you can do it.
You can spin up the server yourself and
then just make an API call to the server.
Or we can just import the express app and
supertest will pretty much do
all that stuff for us in memory.
So I'll just import our app.
So I'll say import app from, I believe
it's in the server, that's our app.
Then I'm gonna import
supertest from supertest
Then we'll write some tests, so I'm
gonna say describe, let's test out the,
Let's test out this route right here
where you get something you just do get,
let's test that out.
Obviously, gonna change it so doesn't
break but we'll do that in a minute.
So we'll describe a GET
to index like that.
And then I'll say it should
send back some data.
And this is gonna be async,
it blocks can be async,
nd I'm gonna say results equals await.
I need to make a request.
So the way you can make a request or
I guess, yeah,
I forgot to change the syntax.
So you can just say like
supertest (app) and
then you can start doing things
like changing the headers,
sending up the body,
all different things you would wanna do.
So in the case of like a get request,
we don't really have, for instance,
we're not gonna be
sending up anything here.
We're not gonna be sending any headers.
But we do wanna make a get request.
So what we'll do is we'll say,
.get request to slash like that.
And then what we can say is okay,
I expect res.body.message
toBe hello, I could do that.
So what I'm gonna do is
go back to our server,
I'm gonna say res.json{message:
'hello' like that.
And then now I'm gonna run this test.
Okay, I still got the other one
[INAUDIBLE], let's not to the other one.
Let me get the other one to pass,
so it's not in the way.
There we go, okay, let's run the test.
Okay, so
now you can see the second one ran and
it passed because that's exactly what
the server sends back on that request.
And you can see right there,
Morgan's logging, Morgan ran a log,
Morgan which is our
middleware that we wrote,
is actually logging that something did
a GET request to slash got to 200.
So it did hit, it ran the handler and
everything like a request would.
It's gonna run through all of it.
And that passed and just to be sure,
we can change that to something else.
And we will get something else, expected,
hello, instead we got back nope.
Easy as pie.
Any questions on integration testing?
Nope?
Okay, everybody's good at
testing at this point?
[LAUGH] yeah.
>> [INAUDIBLE] know that's the Frontend
Masters website has a topic on testing, if
you want to learn more just about testing
in JavaScript, there's a testing topic.
>> Yeah, that is actually true.
There's really good testing, there's a lot
of good testing stuff in Frontend Masters
in general, but yeah, there's a testing
course in JavaScript that is pretty
effective, that goes through way more
stuff than I'm talking about here.
But for the most part on the back end,
I'm mostly just doing unit testing,
integration testing.
Yeah, Frontend is a little more difficult,
snapshotting, end to end, unit.
I heard someone else do this other,
diffing, I'm like, man, this is so
many different tests on the Frontend,
but Backend's pretty simple.